NAMESPACE                     NAME                                                              READY   STATUS              RESTARTS        AGE
aac                           aac-ac-int-manage-case-assignment-java-dd98c5488-559bp            1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
aac                           manage-case-assignment-java-59bc8db859-8vzq7                      1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
aac                           manage-case-assignment-java-59bc8db859-px6hp                      1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
admin                         env-injector-webhook-deployment-689fd7f8f8-pwtz9                  1/1     Running             0               19h
admin                         env-injector-webhook-deployment-689fd7f8f8-t6cm8                  1/1     Running             0               19h
admin                         mic-64974cddd7-59fr6                                              1/1     Running             0               5h27m
admin                         mic-64974cddd7-gdsbj                                              1/1     Running             0               5h27m
admin                         nmi-2bhmr                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-2svpt                                                         1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
admin                         nmi-4blpt                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-564df                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-6mnn7                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-77k7q                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-7fjbl                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-7x7ml                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-8xx94                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-b67kk                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-ff8rn                                                         1/1     Running             1 (6h52m ago)   6h53m
admin                         nmi-fgh7s                                                         1/1     Running             0               5h41m
admin                         nmi-g5hxn                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-hdh9n                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-hz5bz                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-jcjkg                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-jkfwm                                                         1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
admin                         nmi-k6jkk                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-kr9v4                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-lb5wf                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-mrn6q                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-n8psr                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-q9f7j                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-qkfk5                                                         1/1     Running             0               5h27m
admin                         nmi-qlgmz                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         nmi-rqqw7                                                         1/1     Running             0               76m
admin                         nmi-sfz9d                                                         1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
admin                         nmi-sphwj                                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
admin                         traefik-6d99cf74fd-62bq8                                          1/1     Running             0               19h
admin                         traefik-6d99cf74fd-b2qvn                                          1/1     Running             0               19h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-47mf8                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-dtn9m                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-dw4mp                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-mhbxj                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-qwm4r                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-cos-api-java-6bf555f8db-x22s6                            1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-web-nodejs-5d5f9f8dbc-j789v                              1/1     Running             0               9h
adoption                      adoption-web-nodejs-5d5f9f8dbc-vmpbm                              1/1     Running             0               9h
am                            am-judicial-booking-service-java-5f445878d5-6l6ns                 1/1     Running             0               9h
am                            am-judicial-booking-service-java-5f445878d5-qwk6j                 1/1     Running             0               9h
am                            am-org-role-mapping-service-java-5b455dcf5d-6k8kh                 1/1     Running             0               23m
am                            am-org-role-mapping-service-java-5b455dcf5d-cwp47                 1/1     Running             0               22m
am                            am-role-assignment-service-java-d5c967dbc-2bhb2                   1/1     Running             0               4h33m
am                            am-role-assignment-service-java-d5c967dbc-p97c7                   1/1     Running             0               4h32m
azureserviceoperator-system   azureserviceoperator-controller-manager-69d8c75c66-tj85t          1/1     Running             0               7h19m
azureserviceoperator-system   azureserviceoperator-controller-manager-69d8c75c66-xtn58          1/1     Running             1 (7h20m ago)   7h20m
bar                           bar-api-int-java-69f567fdf5-f9jjt                                 1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-api-int-java-69f567fdf5-kfvst                                 1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
bar                           bar-api-int-java-69f567fdf5-tkqdp                                 1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
bar                           bar-api-int-java-69f567fdf5-zvc4r                                 1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
bar                           bar-api-java-55f4fb9d4c-8fmws                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-api-java-55f4fb9d4c-hdv44                                     1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
bar                           bar-api-java-55f4fb9d4c-mktlk                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-web-int-nodejs-5c484c77d8-c44gz                               1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-web-int-nodejs-5c484c77d8-fshx7                               1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-web-nodejs-764df49cf6-2s888                                   1/1     Running             0               9h
bar                           bar-web-nodejs-764df49cf6-8m9gj                                   1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-orchestrator-java-5bcccd56f4-2dqc2                      1/1     Running             0               3h17m
bsp                           bulk-scan-orchestrator-java-5bcccd56f4-8lx9x                      1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-orchestrator-java-5bcccd56f4-nv655                      1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-orchestrator-java-5bcccd56f4-vswrl                      1/1     Running             0               3h17m
bsp                           bulk-scan-payment-processor-java-54bccd6449-nr5qw                 1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-payment-processor-java-54bccd6449-rmsqn                 1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-payment-processor-java-54bccd6449-wfdvs                 1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-processor-java-568bd9c7b7-mbfqz                         1/1     Running             0               89m
bsp                           bulk-scan-processor-java-568bd9c7b7-rm8xd                         1/1     Running             0               89m
bsp                           bulk-scan-sample-app-java-5d84ccbdbf-4sqxh                        1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           bulk-scan-sample-app-java-5d84ccbdbf-mpt7k                        1/1     Running             0               9h
bsp                           rpe-send-letter-service-java-5cd5dd6889-2cnxg                     1/1     Running             0               76m
bsp                           rpe-send-letter-service-java-5cd5dd6889-7rbkv                     1/1     Running             0               76m
camunda                       camunda-api-java-796d59d8d-cwztp                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
camunda                       camunda-api-java-796d59d8d-hq9q5                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
camunda                       camunda-api-java-796d59d8d-m7jxv                                  1/1     Running             0               3h17m
camunda                       camunda-api-java-796d59d8d-tdpcw                                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
camunda                       camunda-ui-java-5954f68bbb-57x75                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
camunda                       camunda-ui-java-5954f68bbb-7qrpr                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
camunda                       camunda-ui-java-5954f68bbb-kj8jz                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-ac-int-api-gateway-web-nodejs-5f5864c44b-zhhrx                1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-ac-int-data-store-api-java-dd9986559-bfbt6                    0/1     Running             0               2m50s
ccd                           ccd-admin-web-nodejs-547f9978df-gt8fc                             1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-admin-web-nodejs-547f9978df-zqd5h                             1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-api-gateway-web-nodejs-699ff7dc87-l77m2                       1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-api-gateway-web-nodejs-699ff7dc87-s6l5c                       1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-case-activity-api-nodejs-fdfc446fd-7svlt                      1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-case-activity-api-nodejs-fdfc446fd-zw9hd                      1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-case-document-am-api-java-7d6bf75495-bzx9q                    1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-case-document-am-api-java-7d6bf75495-fh6w8                    1/1     Running             0               3h17m
ccd                           ccd-case-document-am-api-java-7d6bf75495-xbhfs                    1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-case-print-service-nodejs-f9d8bb67f-2tpn2                     1/1     Running             0               5h16m
ccd                           ccd-case-print-service-nodejs-f9d8bb67f-qxt22                     1/1     Running             0               5h16m
ccd                           ccd-data-store-api-java-755cc66446-hv2gx                          1/1     Running             0               5m50s
ccd                           ccd-data-store-api-java-755cc66446-k4sx6                          1/1     Running             0               6m12s
ccd                           ccd-definition-store-api-java-7bc4966db8-45fb5                    1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-definition-store-api-java-7bc4966db8-r4jgj                    1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-definition-store-api-java-7bc4966db8-scnsq                    1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-definition-store-api-java-7bc4966db8-sd65m                    1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-int-logstash-0                                                1/1     Running             0               4h50m
ccd                           ccd-int-postgresql-0                                              1/1     Running             0               4h51m
ccd                           ccd-int-redis-master-0                                            1/1     Running             0               4h51m
ccd                           ccd-logstash-cmc-logstash-0                                       1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-divorce-logstash-0                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-ethos-logstash-0                                     1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-indexer-logstash-0                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-indexer-logstash-1                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-logstash-0                                           1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-probate-logstash-0                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-probateman-logstash-0                                1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-logstash-sscs-logstash-0                                      1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           ccd-test-stubs-service-java-59b8dd79df-r2gnx                      1/1     Running             0               9h
ccd                           ccd-user-profile-api-java-6564f5f89c-8tsg8                        1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
ccd                           ccd-user-profile-api-java-6564f5f89c-jdl9v                        1/1     Running             0               3h17m
ccd                           es-master-0                                                       1/1     Running             0               19h
ccd                           message-publisher-java-64598ccff6-gfgkw                           1/1     Running             0               3h17m
cert-manager                  cert-manager-67c98b89c8-9mgsq                                     1/1     Running             0               7h20m
cert-manager                  cert-manager-cainjector-5c5695d979-49vn8                          1/1     Running             0               7h20m
cert-manager                  cert-manager-webhook-7f9f8648b9-29djh                             1/1     Running             0               7h20m
civil                         civil-citizen-ui-nodejs-6c9f845c99-5727g                          1/1     Running             0               77m
civil                         civil-citizen-ui-nodejs-6c9f845c99-drgvs                          1/1     Running             0               74m
civil                         civil-general-applications-java-f676978cb-h6hr8                   1/1     Running             0               39m
civil                         civil-general-applications-java-f676978cb-ngxfm                   1/1     Running             0               38m
civil                         civil-orchestrator-service-java-7db9b7f5b4-c2r27                  1/1     Running             0               3h17m
civil                         civil-orchestrator-service-java-7db9b7f5b4-zmpw9                  1/1     Running             0               3h17m
civil                         civil-sdt-commissioning-java-7f7b9679f4-fwsqq                     1/1     Running             0               3h16m
civil                         civil-sdt-commissioning-java-7f7b9679f4-nq2bf                     1/1     Running             0               3h17m
civil                         civil-sdt-gateway-java-576cfd5d74-lgwm8                           1/1     Running             0               6h15m
civil                         civil-sdt-gateway-java-576cfd5d74-ttqxr                           1/1     Running             0               9h
civil                         civil-sdt-gateway-java-576cfd5d74-xmvjr                           1/1     Running             0               9h
civil                         civil-sdt-java-75dcdf686b-6xb64                                   1/1     Running             0               4h59m
civil                         civil-service-java-866d794c95-nw77m                               1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
civil                         civil-service-java-866d794c95-pzkxj                               1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
cnp                           descheduler-test-28759128-h5hqt                                   0/1     Completed           0               6m3s
cnp                           descheduler-test-28759130-zk4kc                                   0/1     Completed           0               4m3s
cnp                           descheduler-test-28759132-2dfs6                                   0/1     Completed           0               2m3s
cnp                           descheduler-test-28759134-x7qcc                                   0/1     Completed           0               3s
cnp                           plum-frontend-nodejs-684f859d48-52g49                             1/1     Running             0               9h
cnp                           plum-frontend-nodejs-684f859d48-bh6rx                             1/1     Running             0               9h
cnp                           plum-frontend-nodejs-684f859d48-dt9sv                             1/1     Running             0               19h
cnp                           plum-frontend-nodejs-684f859d48-fbhnt                             1/1     Running             0               9h
cnp                           plum-recipe-backend-java-949fd854c-vm8g4                          1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-int-java-5467d9447b-452xt                 1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-int-java-5467d9447b-5cbb9                 1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-int-java-5467d9447b-mhjpn                 1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-int-postgresql-0                          1/1     Running             0               9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-java-895676769-2bs5j                      1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-java-895676769-6t8d5                      1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-java-895676769-d4lsg                      1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
cpo                           case-payment-orders-api-java-895676769-tfxx8                      1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
cui                           cui-ra-nodejs-6466dbb5d9-pzgmv                                    1/1     Running             0               19h
dg                            dg-docassembly-java-67959884df-lng9w                              1/1     Running             0               9h
dg                            dg-docassembly-java-67959884df-v7qd9                              1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-cfs-java-8589fc9c94-d5hnt                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-cfs-java-8589fc9c94-tnszc                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-cms-java-59c9cbb9c5-nf9q7                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-cms-java-59c9cbb9c5-rw79b                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-cos-java-6ffdd489dc-5jdhc                                     1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
divorce                       div-cos-java-6ffdd489dc-tztwf                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-da-nodejs-77c8bb6f85-6vdsd                                    1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-da-nodejs-77c8bb6f85-747vr                                    1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-dgs-java-84c56d8cc4-dzbkt                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-dgs-java-84c56d8cc4-nrg4w                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-dn-nodejs-758997f75b-qwtxt                                    1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-dn-nodejs-758997f75b-wppw2                                    1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-emca-java-6bdc74b57f-nsb57                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-emca-java-6bdc74b57f-wv8fz                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
divorce                       div-fps-java-c89cc7886-8m4th                                      1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-fps-java-c89cc7886-9qxt7                                      1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-pfe-nodejs-5cbc9b5fbd-jbmbp                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-pfe-nodejs-5cbc9b5fbd-rrc2w                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-rfe-nodejs-6885dfd9bd-8w5q7                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
divorce                       div-rfe-nodejs-6885dfd9bd-qg6lc                                   1/1     Running             0               19h
dm-store                      dm-store-java-697dd7bddb-fskkh                                    1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      19h
dm-store                      dm-store-java-697dd7bddb-z5bfx                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
docmosis                      docmosis-base-67d658f7b8-gmzs9                                    1/1     Running             0               99m
docmosis                      docmosis-base-67d658f7b8-q5v4z                                    1/1     Running             0               99m
em                            em-anno-java-65f89c954c-6cwkz                                     1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-anno-java-65f89c954c-dqjnd                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
em                            em-ccd-orchestrator-java-5b889cf84f-hv9vw                         1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-ccd-orchestrator-java-5b889cf84f-j5ghf                         1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-hrs-api-java-7bbdc8cb95-5btg6                                  1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-hrs-api-java-7bbdc8cb95-vjv82                                  1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-icp-nodejs-55f79f5c5b-vzgtt                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
em                            em-icp-nodejs-55f79f5c5b-zpm6p                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
em                            em-npa-java-c94c896c7-lkqgh                                       1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
em                            em-npa-java-c94c896c7-t7wf9                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
em                            em-stitching-java-74c9d6d7f7-g7spx                                1/1     Running             0               5h27m
em                            em-stitching-java-74c9d6d7f7-w966r                                1/1     Running             0               5h28m
et-pet                        admin-base-65db4c4fdc-qcnzk                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        admin-base-65db4c4fdc-s8tk9                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        api-base-f6f65789-9fq66                                           1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        api-base-f6f65789-kbjvz                                           1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        api-sidekiq-669c994c6f-gddp8                                      1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        ccd-export-base-6565f98774-8hf9j                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        ccd-export-base-6565f98774-szn9v                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        et1-base-6dcf7754f-8265g                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        et1-base-6dcf7754f-vgpbp                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        et1-sidekiq-b6bd58b77-7l2vg                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        et3-base-9d7595887-lw759                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
et-pet                        et3-base-9d7595887-prl4z                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-cos-java-6d58895dd7-crrbp                                      1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
et                            et-cos-java-6d58895dd7-xk6sk                                      1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-hearings-api-java-655f4c4466-rcvbx                             1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-hearings-api-java-655f4c4466-znfk8                             1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-msg-handler-java-b7b6554b-7c27m                                1/1     Running             0               5h13m
et                            et-msg-handler-java-b7b6554b-r6wl8                                1/1     Running             0               5h13m
et                            et-sya-api-java-9555b4c8-8skw8                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-sya-api-java-9555b4c8-lwxlm                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-sya-nodejs-5f7c6ff578-pxm5c                                    1/1     Running             0               4h9m
et                            et-sya-nodejs-5f7c6ff578-x26b8                                    1/1     Running             0               4h9m
et                            et-syr-nodejs-86c97448c7-mvgm9                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
et                            et-syr-nodejs-86c97448c7-ngp54                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
ethos                         ecm-consumer-java-77d584cb57-254l9                                1/1     Running             0               9h
ethos                         ecm-consumer-java-77d584cb57-t6rmd                                1/1     Running             0               9h
ethos                         repl-docmosis-service-java-7c4867fc9-pftpc                        1/1     Running             0               9h
ethos                         repl-docmosis-service-java-7c4867fc9-x59rn                        1/1     Running             0               9h
fact                          fact-admin-nodejs-5979f57b47-6h2mz                                1/1     Running             0               9h
fact                          fact-admin-nodejs-5979f57b47-x6x5f                                1/1     Running             0               9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-cctbd                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-czjpd                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-gqqrr                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-q5slt                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-trxxl                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-api-java-57b4c49965-zmmjp                                    1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fact                          fact-frontend-nodejs-5dbbdc689-bxcmp                              1/1     Running             0               4h3m
fact                          fact-frontend-nodejs-5dbbdc689-vrx9k                              1/1     Running             0               4h3m
family-public-law             fpl-case-service-java-6669cd6d7d-7ps8k                            1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
family-public-law             fpl-case-service-java-6669cd6d7d-dv558                            1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bubble-frontend-int-nodejs-bc897ddfc-5z48g                  1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bubble-frontend-int-nodejs-bc897ddfc-z8bqm                  1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bubble-frontend-nodejs-6c7fd4d6b-fv92j                      1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bubble-frontend-nodejs-6c7fd4d6b-jt9rs                      1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-int-java-76f9979bb6-cvtf5                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-int-java-76f9979bb6-hhqmh                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-int-java-76f9979bb6-pts7t                  1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-int-java-76f9979bb6-td5nq                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-java-c7dd4476b-5d6wn                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-java-c7dd4476b-6hsrv                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-java-c7dd4476b-7nf82                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-bulkscanning-api-java-c7dd4476b-mhcbd                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-cpo-update-service-int-java-867cc9c5fb-7zx2f                1/1     Running             0               50m
fees-pay                      ccpay-cpo-update-service-int-java-867cc9c5fb-kwjmb                1/1     Running             0               50m
fees-pay                      ccpay-cpo-update-service-java-79f454fc6d-4dllz                    1/1     Running             0               50m
fees-pay                      ccpay-cpo-update-service-java-79f454fc6d-95btm                    1/1     Running             0               50m
fees-pay                      ccpay-cpo-update-service-java-79f454fc6d-mddbq                    1/1     Running             0               49m
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-int-java-86df8ccb8-bkvn8              1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-int-java-86df8ccb8-bv288              1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-int-java-86df8ccb8-w6s5b              1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-int-java-86df8ccb8-xmgmq              1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-java-dc9c4b8bc-85lkx                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-java-dc9c4b8bc-9x9f7                  1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-java-dc9c4b8bc-hlctd                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-notifications-service-java-dc9c4b8bc-v44z2                  1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-int-java-8495fbb944-8tlrj                       1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-int-java-8495fbb944-nsd9z                       1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-int-java-8495fbb944-tpcc2                       1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-int-java-8495fbb944-wrtqv                       1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-java-59bb5b658d-2npl5                           1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-java-59bb5b658d-j4p7h                           1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-payment-api-java-59bb5b658d-rgxxz                           1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-paymentoutcome-web-int-nodejs-54dbcccc4-87mrc               1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-paymentoutcome-web-int-nodejs-54dbcccc4-g2mmw               1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-paymentoutcome-web-nodejs-6c44797bc4-7q9lk                  1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-paymentoutcome-web-nodejs-6c44797bc4-v7k27                  1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-int-java-5fbb5c696c-5qdff                       1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-int-java-5fbb5c696c-pcs8b                       1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-int-java-5fbb5c696c-s4c6d                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-java-58c45cc97b-7plt2                           1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-java-58c45cc97b-8nz75                           1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-java-58c45cc97b-bntdj                           1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      ccpay-refunds-api-java-58c45cc97b-nxd52                           1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-int-java-7ddc9bbbb6-4wc24                       1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-int-java-7ddc9bbbb6-df4dp                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-int-java-7ddc9bbbb6-kjh4z                       1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-int-java-7ddc9bbbb6-znqpp                       1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-java-86655b9dd5-h2wxm                           1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-java-86655b9dd5-h6s76                           1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-java-86655b9dd5-wfl5x                           1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-api-java-86655b9dd5-zkrqs                           1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-frontend-int-nodejs-76b8c7f767-dtfsh                1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-frontend-int-nodejs-76b8c7f767-fdb76                1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-frontend-nodejs-878db4c5-92r8q                      1/1     Running             0               9h
fees-pay                      fees-register-frontend-nodejs-878db4c5-h6tlx                      1/1     Running             0               9h
financial-remedy              finrem-cos-java-8475b5c978-9ncd9                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
financial-remedy              finrem-cos-java-8475b5c978-cbfgq                                  1/1     Running             0               8h
fis                           fis-bulk-scan-api-java-7cd6877649-mw8d9                           1/1     Running             0               9h
fis                           fis-cos-api-java-7cf68ff6ff-lw6mb                                 1/1     Running             0               3h2m
fis                           fis-ds-update-web-nodejs-666cf58645-7kgrh                         0/1     ContainerCreating   0               5h38m
fis                           fis-ds-update-web-nodejs-666cf58645-b756d                         0/1     ContainerCreating   0               5h38m
fis                           fis-ds-web-nodejs-5dd7c4cc47-wrm6f                                1/1     Running             0               9h
fis                           fis-ds-web-nodejs-5dd7c4cc47-xxrrb                                1/1     Running             0               9h
fis                           fis-hmc-api-java-67f4dc779c-5z2tx                                 1/1     Running             0               9h
fis                           fis-hmc-api-java-67f4dc779c-9rq7m                                 1/1     Running             0               9h
fis                           fis-hmc-api-java-67f4dc779c-znd8v                                 1/1     Running             0               9h
flux-system                   helm-controller-5f7457c9dd-wff87                                  1/1     Running             0               19h
flux-system                   kustomize-controller-56c58dff4d-jc4mm                             1/1     Running             0               19h
flux-system                   notification-controller-685bdc466d-5sgll                          1/1     Running             0               19h
flux-system                   source-controller-86b8b57796-6dhkn                                1/1     Running             0               19h
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-benefit-checker-api-base-6c58bc6968-5dj4m          1/1     Running             0               9h
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-benefit-checker-api-base-6c58bc6968-97v6g          1/1     Running             0               9h
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-publicapp-base-7c89d4cc65-jrlnl                    0/1     ImagePullBackOff    0               49m
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-publicapp-base-7c89d4cc65-wzwl5                    0/1     ImagePullBackOff    0               49m
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-staffapp-base-f775666-2jpjh                        1/1     Running             10 (8h ago)     9h
help-with-fees                help-with-fees-staffapp-base-f775666-chwd2                        1/1     Running             11 (8h ago)     9h
hmc                           hmc-cft-hearing-service-java-6df6b8f697-ggzpf                     1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
hmc                           hmc-cft-hearing-service-java-6df6b8f697-wbbd7                     1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
hmc                           hmc-hmi-inbound-adapter-java-589bc4645b-ncpc9                     1/1     Running             0               9h
hmc                           hmc-hmi-inbound-adapter-java-589bc4645b-rt4bk                     1/1     Running             0               9h
hmc                           hmc-hmi-outbound-adapter-java-846cdcfd8-948bx                     1/1     Running             0               9h
hmc                           hmc-hmi-outbound-adapter-java-846cdcfd8-h2zxc                     1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-aip-frontend-nodejs-596d5b68b9-fwcq5                           1/1     Running             0               4h2m
ia                            ia-aip-frontend-nodejs-596d5b68b9-psgnf                           1/1     Running             0               4h3m
ia                            ia-bail-case-api-java-6c5c7bf6f5-7wrbt                            1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-bail-case-api-java-6c5c7bf6f5-rbc66                            1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
ia                            ia-case-access-api-java-79d5cf7d75-lrwdw                          1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-case-access-api-java-79d5cf7d75-xwgvw                          1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-case-api-java-84d45d4b95-brcvp                                 1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-case-api-java-84d45d4b95-ptz5n                                 1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-case-documents-api-java-8f8f6cdb8-6j7j8                        1/1     Running             0               8h
ia                            ia-case-documents-api-java-8f8f6cdb8-w4pvl                        1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-case-notifications-api-java-5d8c9c94ff-6vtqf                   1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-case-notifications-api-java-5d8c9c94ff-gghnk                   1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-case-payments-api-java-64dbdb4bc6-j4hgs                        1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-case-payments-api-java-64dbdb4bc6-rlj7f                        1/1     Running             0               5h56m
ia                            ia-hearings-api-java-6c6f9c9988-2767c                             1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-hearings-api-java-6c6f9c9988-l7lc9                             1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-home-office-integration-api-java-756b4b9fc6-gcgrh              1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      19h
ia                            ia-home-office-integration-api-java-756b4b9fc6-kbmpv              1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-home-office-mock-api-java-7f46fb5dc4-tnwt7                     1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-home-office-mock-api-java-7f46fb5dc4-wc9fj                     1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-timed-event-service-java-76fffb6789-6q455                      1/1     Running             0               9h
ia                            ia-timed-event-service-java-76fffb6789-p6h8n                      1/1     Running             0               8h
idam                          idam-api-5ffdddfdc5-c4682                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-hmcts-access-nodejs-7795b56d5d-6sv6m                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-hmcts-access-nodejs-7795b56d5d-k76h8                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-hmcts-access-nodejs-7795b56d5d-r2j7j                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-hmcts-access-nodejs-7795b56d5d-s5vvl                         1/1     Running             11 (8h ago)     9h
idam                          idam-testing-support-api-5c6b895c7f-972qn                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-testing-support-api-5c6b895c7f-q5nqt                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-testing-support-api-5c6b895c7f-x7s8z                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-user-dashboard-nodejs-8467d46d89-2dgx8                       1/1     Running             1 (7h24m ago)   7h47m
idam                          idam-user-dashboard-nodejs-8467d46d89-fkctl                       1/1     Running             2 (4h59m ago)   9h
idam                          idam-user-dashboard-nodejs-8467d46d89-prmc8                       1/1     Running             2 (3h56m ago)   9h
idam                          idam-user-profile-bridge-758b5b8597-b445s                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-user-profile-bridge-758b5b8597-btcp2                         1/1     Running             0               9h
idam                          idam-web-public-69bdfc7f5d-p9sqb                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
keda                          keda-admission-webhooks-6ddf5d55cd-ssjmx                          1/1     Running             0               19h
keda                          keda-operator-57766d6fcf-db8sq                                    1/1     Running             0               9h
keda                          keda-operator-metrics-apiserver-7f5b8b557d-shnd8                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-2rpqf                                3/3     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-4lf88                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-4nzm6                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-5zr29                                3/3     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-6mfld                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-9hwzt                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-9rgtj                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-bqs9x                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-bs4t9                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-dmqvf                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-dvhbt                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-ff6sl                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-jw9lr                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-jxk67                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-lb9q5                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-lrx95                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-nblkc                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-p55rh                                3/3     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-pmslq                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-ptq5p                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-qc8z7                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-rc7zx                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-rdx5l                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-skdtd                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-tv5bq                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-vdxdb                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-wpdk5                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-wzshs                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-xwntf                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-xz5xv                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-csi-driver-xzm4n                                3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-44962                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-549lf                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-654j8                            1/1     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-77wtn                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-89k9t                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-89pkx                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-8hdd6                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-97j5h                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-98c7s                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-9b7kp                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-9r98x                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-jr98x                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-k88tq                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-kllf8                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-krpkb                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-lfr7x                            1/1     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-lfrbs                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-lj62p                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-ll575                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-pk6cw                            1/1     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-q267n                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-rf5sg                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-tdh7f                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-ttx6t                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-v9h8r                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-vr5pl                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-w7mlt                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-wpmgf                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-wxgq8                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-xgwn6                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   aks-secrets-store-provider-azure-zrmxv                            1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-4hzjt                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-4pflk                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-65ls6                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-884zn                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-97whn                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-9w7bc                                         1/1     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-bgpdm                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-cjssg                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-d5snj                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-f6gdg                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-f7fxn                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-fn2wh                                         1/1     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-gz5qk                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-h47nl                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-hf5zd                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-hgxzf                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-hxk44                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-j47f4                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-jpq2v                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-kxv99                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-mmt8b                                         1/1     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-n5k57                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-nwszq                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-pb8z7                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-qhls8                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-rgl84                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-s698v                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-sfc25                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-t4qj5                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-vxxgx                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-ip-masq-agent-xcrkv                                         1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-wi-webhook-controller-manager-dcbb47c98-4qws7               1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   azure-wi-webhook-controller-manager-dcbb47c98-vzlpn               1/1     Running             0               19h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-5bwvt                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-5sbfx                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-6jvsw                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-6vrfs                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-7sb9d                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-8wn52                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-9lw84                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-b7vwl                                          1/1     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-bqn5c                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-cfj75                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-ckl7h                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-dcthg                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-fcr7h                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-h5s7f                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-jcx9b                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-jlp4z                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-jq4dt                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-k62ld                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-l7s6z                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-lwhpf                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-n8nl2                                          1/1     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-ns8j8                                          1/1     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-r2988                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-rzkxj                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-shmsn                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-slxz5                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-tztmr                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-vrtb4                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-wjr8j                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-wsrrj                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   cloud-node-manager-zg4ln                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   coredns-597bb9d4db-6n2rw                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   coredns-597bb9d4db-bf2bs                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   coredns-597bb9d4db-fddz9                                          1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   coredns-597bb9d4db-qvgx5                                          1/1     Running             0               19h
kube-system                   coredns-autoscaler-657f59c9dc-jl66z                               1/1     Running             0               19h
kube-system                   cost-analysis-agent-7fcf5666b8-2dk7g                              3/3     Running             0               19h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-49m5j                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-4qdbk                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-7zxrv                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-84s6b                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-85x8b                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-98rgl                                          3/3     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-9kdnj                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-bkxxh                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-bxlrt                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-cn5ln                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-crthn                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-ffzdc                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-hbbcq                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-hw7tv                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-j5tqx                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-jvkkx                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-ln8kz                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-mq9vk                                          3/3     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-n2b8t                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-ng5rc                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-njm9j                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-qw75j                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-qzrc6                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-rhkjh                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-s5gtd                                          3/3     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-s7m99                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-vjcs4                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-wnt5z                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-xf6lj                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-xsjrd                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azuredisk-node-zgd26                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-2wqnj                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-4cq4k                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-594kv                                          3/3     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-5p6mz                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-7bpr6                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-7tsbl                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-82v8l                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-85jt9                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-9ht2n                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-9v7g6                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-c6dg8                                          3/3     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-dk69j                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-fzlp5                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-gshr9                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-h2bt4                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-hr2lc                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-lbxtn                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-n2gzg                                          3/3     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-n525s                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-nz4z8                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-pg8cp                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-qlwpc                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-rdr76                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-slfcp                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-tcbnd                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-tl4km                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-tq4r4                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-vf824                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-vtn87                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-zj462                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   csi-azurefile-node-znbzc                                          3/3     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   konnectivity-agent-595b97bd6d-wltlc                               1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   konnectivity-agent-595b97bd6d-xsl62                               1/1     Running             0               19h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-24v6j                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-2s9ws                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-4kvng                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-5pj97                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-6jvw9                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-74wzj                                                  1/1     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   kube-proxy-8pcnh                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-ckqkm                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-cn6x6                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-crkfw                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-ctwb8                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-d2scf                                                  1/1     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   kube-proxy-d5rgr                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-fmvnn                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-gl45b                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-jzfgt                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-kr9g7                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-lblf4                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-lrvhb                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-nl9fb                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-nvtlc                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-pfgn6                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-rh658                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-stq4d                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-vdmwp                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-vk5pc                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-vqmqm                                                  1/1     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   kube-proxy-x4pzl                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-xpgv5                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-zc2jv                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   kube-proxy-zf5d6                                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   metrics-server-54bc7575bb-86bs8                                   2/2     Running             0               8h
kube-system                   metrics-server-54bc7575bb-cttzc                                   2/2     Running             0               8h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-7lthh                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-7sftj                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-9cgp8                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-9gt2n                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-9tgf8                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-djs7s                                              1/1     Running             0               6h53m
kube-system                   node-local-dns-fnkmd                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-gbzrk                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-j5r9b                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-j9l27                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-jfnwl                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-kj2dv                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-krbxw                                              1/1     Running             0               76m
kube-system                   node-local-dns-kw9wg                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-qhqqn                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-qvlcc                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-sp6ms                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-stpr2                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-tq2zb                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-vrqsx                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-w8p4h                                              1/1     Running             0               5h41m
kube-system                   node-local-dns-wx82l                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-zb4cq                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
kube-system                   node-local-dns-znmpl                                              1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-case-backend-int-java-67cb55757-98k9b                         1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      19h
lau                           lau-case-backend-int-java-67cb55757-sl5hs                         1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
lau                           lau-case-backend-int-java-67cb55757-wqhvx                         1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
lau                           lau-case-backend-java-74bb74565-66dwm                             1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-case-backend-java-74bb74565-bfhwc                             1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
lau                           lau-case-backend-java-74bb74565-sld8x                             1/1     Running             0               8h
lau                           lau-frontend-int-nodejs-77988c9bb7-d8g4x                          1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-frontend-int-nodejs-77988c9bb7-qhqwz                          1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-frontend-nodejs-7df7945b8-wwllk                               1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-idam-backend-int-java-5dc48b8f5b-x9stm                        1/1     Running             0               9h
lau                           lau-idam-backend-java-5bc84dfcc6-2jj47                            1/1     Running             0               8h
money-claims                  cmc-citizen-frontend-nodejs-74b4cf87f-dttt6                       1/1     Running             0               29m
money-claims                  cmc-citizen-frontend-nodejs-74b4cf87f-sw262                       1/1     Running             0               27m
money-claims                  cmc-claim-store-java-86657bdcd6-bwl7t                             1/1     Running             0               27m
money-claims                  cmc-claim-store-java-86657bdcd6-fvmfc                             1/1     Running             0               28m
money-claims                  mailhog-74558c49ff-vjrc4                                          1/1     Running             0               19h
monitoring                    alertmanager-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager-0                 2/2     Running             0               19h
monitoring                    failed-deployments-28758780-h6mp7                                 0/1     Completed           0               5h54m
monitoring                    helm-chart-base-versions-job-28758780-xvh24                       0/1     Completed           0               5h54m
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-7db65fb76b-wsjxv         1/1     Running             0               19h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-operator-7b8499fd89-sbptx                   1/1     Running             0               19h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-2989t              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-2jxw6              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-4fwfn              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-56n8m              1/1     Running             0               76m
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-79zdr              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-7thd2              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-845fx              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-c8nrt              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-cc47p              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-d6cdd              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-dfhtb              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-dlzdr              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-dmgpn              1/1     Running             0               5h41m
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-dwzhg              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-f9wzc              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-fm427              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-g56j9              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-gbktw              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-grgzg              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-gxqtx              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-hh2cq              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-jwlzd              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-kcmjl              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-kjnst              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-nrtxn              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-pjrt7              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-qn87z              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-r96l2              1/1     Running             0               6h53m
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-w969j              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-w9dlx              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-zwflf              1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-28nzp                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-2fspl                                       1/1     Running             0               6h53m
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-2tx7b                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-2xjzq                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-4l8qg                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-6ld6n                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-6v5hj                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-98db2                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-9pgs9                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-c2gd9                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-c2vcq                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-cfdw2                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-cx6fb                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-dsmxn                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-dxmsc                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-g44l7                                       1/1     Running             0               5h41m
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-g4jzs                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-htrmh                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-l6fbs                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-lcw5f                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-m6h7m                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-n999w                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-phgxb                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-qshvt                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-rj26h                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-tvlsd                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-w67ls                                       1/1     Running             0               76m
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-wmt78                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-wpj9s                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-z6sjq                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    node-problem-detector-zj5mt                                       1/1     Running             0               9h
monitoring                    prometheus-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0                     2/2     Running             0               19h
nfdiv                         nfdiv-case-api-java-75b5d8ccd7-rrx7m                              1/1     Running             0               3h6m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-case-api-java-75b5d8ccd7-sknvl                              1/1     Running             0               3h6m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-case-api-java-75b5d8ccd7-td7s4                              1/1     Running             0               3h6m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-alert-application-not-reviewed-job-28759080-zkfmr      0/1     Completed           0               54m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-alert-application-not-reviewed-job-28759100-grts4      0/1     Completed           0               34m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-alert-application-not-reviewed-job-28759120-9qskn      0/1     Completed           0               14m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-applicant-can-sts-after-intention-fo-job-287590lp4wb   0/1     Completed           0               54m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-applicant-can-sts-after-intention-fo-job-287591854wj   0/1     Completed           0               14m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-applicant-can-sts-after-intention-fo-job-2875919rzlc   0/1     Completed           0               34m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-bulk-list-create-job-28759080-qk8pk                    0/1     Completed           0               54m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-bulk-list-create-job-28759100-psj6r                    0/1     Completed           0               34m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-cron-bulk-list-create-job-28759120-8pzbh                    0/1     Completed           0               14m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-frontend-nodejs-7dc86bb8d6-5b8gm                            1/1     Running             0               5h59m
nfdiv                         nfdiv-frontend-nodejs-7dc86bb8d6-lz5br                            1/1     Running             0               6h
pcq                           pcq-backend-int-java-5d6dd96b9c-kxgrm                             0/1     ContainerCreating   0               6h32m
pcq                           pcq-backend-int-java-654956d554-2fbwq                             0/1     ContainerCreating   0               6h12m
pcq                           pcq-backend-java-6c8cfcc6b8-j662t                                 1/1     Running             0               6h12m
pcq                           pcq-frontend-int-nodejs-66f6f55d9-2g4mq                           1/1     Running             0               32m
pcq                           pcq-frontend-int-nodejs-66f6f55d9-ntmt7                           1/1     Running             0               32m
pcq                           pcq-frontend-nodejs-5bf46fbf97-pzshq                              1/1     Running             0               32m
private-law                   prl-citizen-frontend-nodejs-5649f5cc4c-7npmn                      1/1     Running             0               115m
private-law                   prl-citizen-frontend-nodejs-5649f5cc4c-wt8dp                      1/1     Running             0               114m
private-law                   prl-cos-java-64787b56cd-96r7n                                     1/1     Running             0               3h29m
private-law                   prl-cos-java-64787b56cd-b2nfw                                     1/1     Running             0               3h28m
private-law                   prl-dgs-java-6d466bd84d-hh4vj                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
private-law                   prl-dgs-java-6d466bd84d-n2s87                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
probate                       probate-back-office-java-97cb54f78-bm9b6                          1/1     Running             0               6h22m
probate                       probate-back-office-java-97cb54f78-cdxvb                          1/1     Running             0               6h23m
probate                       probate-business-service-java-5b594d5d65-4wsmq                    1/1     Running             0               4h39m
probate                       probate-business-service-java-5b594d5d65-759m5                    1/1     Running             0               4h39m
probate                       probate-caveats-fe-nodejs-745b95b8cd-krt22                        1/1     Running             0               138m
probate                       probate-caveats-fe-nodejs-745b95b8cd-q9pwk                        1/1     Running             0               138m
probate                       probate-frontend-nodejs-965d57dc5-9twls                           1/1     Running             0               31m
probate                       probate-frontend-nodejs-965d57dc5-hpdxb                           1/1     Running             0               31m
probate                       probate-orchestrator-service-java-79c94fdcb8-gjptj                1/1     Running             0               9h
probate                       probate-orchestrator-service-java-79c94fdcb8-j7wj5                1/1     Running             0               9h
probate                       probate-submit-service-java-9b97f8454-lqmrn                       1/1     Running             0               4h38m
probate                       probate-submit-service-java-9b97f8454-w446t                       1/1     Running             0               4h39m
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-integration-java-9f69f55d4-b7zwg            1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-integration-java-9f69f55d4-dv9wj            1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-integration-java-9f69f55d4-fg6zb            1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-integration-java-9f69f55d4-ttm84            1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      19h
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-java-86bff76c99-n759x                       1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-caseworker-ref-api-java-86bff76c99-nk5wj                       1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-commondata-api-java-57698575ff-5c67k                           1/1     Running             0               9h
rd                            rd-commondata-api-java-57698575ff-stprx                           1/1     Running             0               9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-integration-java-5f87c9f96c-4bzzz                 1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-integration-java-5f87c9f96c-fjkqk                 1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-integration-java-5f87c9f96c-pz2wj                 1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-integration-java-5f87c9f96c-zc45f                 1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-java-54fb66c8b6-nj2dc                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-judicial-api-java-54fb66c8b6-pphdw                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-integration-java-64555bff75-4bsrm             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-integration-java-64555bff75-5bhzn             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-integration-java-64555bff75-vjbc8             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-integration-java-64555bff75-w8bmd             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-java-5985dff74d-js2x6                         1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-location-ref-api-java-5985dff74d-zgd8x                         1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-integration-java-6c8cccc78c-4rbnj             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-integration-java-6c8cccc78c-89n6j             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-integration-java-6c8cccc78c-9wsmr             1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-integration-java-6c8cccc78c-c6mfl             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-integration-java-6c8cccc78c-t49rd             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-java-7d6c7db6-gp5m8                           1/1     Running             0               9h
rd                            rd-professional-api-java-7d6c7db6-w24r5                           1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-profile-sync-integration-java-6dd7469484-5w4vn                 1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-profile-sync-integration-java-6dd7469484-bp964                 1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-profile-sync-integration-java-6dd7469484-ptrnb                 1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-integration-java-758478ffd6-2ch28             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-integration-java-758478ffd6-6n5qp             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-integration-java-758478ffd6-d5r27             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-integration-java-758478ffd6-gts57             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-integration-java-758478ffd6-kq49c             1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-java-764c5975d6-4pjxd                         1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-java-764c5975d6-gdc9f                         1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-java-764c5975d6-mlslg                         1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
rd                            rd-user-profile-api-java-764c5975d6-qnz5s                         1/1     Running             0               8h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-blob-router-java-59774cb67d-28kcj                     1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-blob-router-java-59774cb67d-7d4rm                     1/1     Running             0               9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-blob-router-java-59774cb67d-drjl5                     1/1     Running             0               9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-blob-router-java-59774cb67d-sx2zk                     1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-notification-service-java-54f54dc67d-7x7hw            1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-notification-service-java-54f54dc67d-sqc5w            1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
reform-scan                   reform-scan-notification-service-java-54f54dc67d-zcgz5            1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
rpe                           draft-store-service-java-5bdcf5ff57-fnhsf                         1/1     Running             0               9h
rpe                           draft-store-service-java-5bdcf5ff57-pqhvm                         1/1     Running             0               9h
rpe                           pdf-service-java-b8dfb55cc-ljsf9                                  1/1     Running             0               9h
rpe                           rpe-service-auth-provider-java-6d5964d64-9fdn9                    1/1     Running             0               9h
rpts                          rpts-api-java-d7bdc55b9-wnrlq                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
rpts                          rpts-api-java-d7bdc55b9-x4ws6                                     1/1     Running             0               9h
rpts                          rpts-api-java-d7bdc55b9-zj8dp                                     1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
rpts                          rpts-frontend-nodejs-57f65c756c-d5fdw                             1/1     Running             0               9h
rpts                          rpts-frontend-nodejs-57f65c756c-wx5bd                             1/1     Running             0               9h
sptribs                       sptribs-case-api-java-67c58d95bf-8lrxd                            1/1     Running             0               106s
sptribs                       sptribs-case-api-java-67c58d95bf-gm5qd                            1/1     Running             0               85s
sptribs                       sptribs-dss-update-case-web-nodejs-6976b76d65-5mhm9               1/1     Running             0               30m
sptribs                       sptribs-dss-update-case-web-nodejs-6976b76d65-vqgs6               1/1     Running             0               32m
sptribs                       sptribs-frontend-nodejs-8467b79848-dzqf8                          1/1     Running             0               9h
sptribs                       sptribs-frontend-nodejs-8467b79848-kjr49                          1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-bulk-scan-java-7f5b4b9f9d-6rdrx                              1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-bulk-scan-java-7f5b4b9f9d-xw9r8                              1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-cor-frontend-nodejs-65c595d74f-286q7                         1/1     Running             0               6h20m
sscs                          sscs-cor-frontend-nodejs-65c595d74f-srgmw                         1/1     Running             0               6h20m
sscs                          sscs-hearings-api-java-d99558f6f-htt84                            1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-hearings-api-java-d99558f6f-mfgtc                            1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-tribunals-api-java-7b64b6c555-424jk                          1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-tribunals-api-java-7b64b6c555-6slpj                          1/1     Running             0               9h
sscs                          sscs-tribunals-frontend-nodejs-845d945cbd-7kc7f                   1/1     Running             0               5h55m
sscs                          sscs-tribunals-frontend-nodejs-845d945cbd-trf6s                   1/1     Running             0               5h55m
sscs                          sscs-tya-notif-java-58ccb89b9f-kccvl                              1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
sscs                          sscs-tya-notif-java-58ccb89b9f-q29mr                              1/1     Running             0               9h
tax-tribunals                 tax-tribunals-application-base-cc6c6fb9-k45m9                     0/1     ImagePullBackOff    0               9h
tax-tribunals                 tax-tribunals-application-base-cc6c6fb9-klqjj                     0/1     ImagePullBackOff    0               9h
tax-tribunals                 tax-tribunals-application-sidekiq-6fb584457d-pvw6h                1/1     Running             0               9h
ts                            ts-translation-service-int-java-57cfbd4d95-d4qvr                  1/1     Running             2 (9h ago)      9h
ts                            ts-translation-service-int-java-57cfbd4d95-mdkkd                  1/1     Running             4 (9h ago)      9h
ts                            ts-translation-service-int-java-57cfbd4d95-xwnt4                  1/1     Running             3 (9h ago)      9h
ts                            ts-translation-service-int-postgresql-0                           1/1     Running             0               19h
ts                            ts-translation-service-java-767b99b7c7-jbgw4                      1/1     Running             1 (9h ago)      9h
ts                            ts-translation-service-java-767b99b7c7-t8q5x                      1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
wa                            wa-case-event-handler-java-56ff88f856-bssns                       1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
wa                            wa-case-event-handler-java-56ff88f856-stqdn                       1/1     Running             0               9h
wa                            wa-messages-reset-problem-messages-job-28759065-7m2q7             0/1     Completed           0               69m
wa                            wa-messages-reset-problem-messages-job-28759095-8gcjc             0/1     Completed           0               39m
wa                            wa-messages-reset-problem-messages-job-28759125-29v7s             0/1     Completed           0               9m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-initiation-job-28759129-kkfw7                       0/1     Completed           0               5m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-initiation-job-28759131-vlxn9                       0/1     Completed           0               3m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-initiation-job-28759133-q9rcz                       0/1     Completed           0               64s
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-failure-job-28759120-t9p78          0/1     Completed           0               14m
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-failure-job-28759125-w57sc          0/1     Completed           0               9m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-failure-job-28759130-v4hzf          0/1     Completed           0               4m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-job-28759122-m6mbq                  0/1     Completed           0               12m
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-job-28759126-5tw2x                  0/1     Completed           0               8m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-job-28759130-wbwd2                  0/1     Completed           0               4m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-reconfiguration-job-28759134-vmp8w                  1/1     Running             0               4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-replication-check-job-28759120-2vjsw                0/1     Completed           0               14m
wa                            wa-task-batch-replication-check-job-28759125-6xnkt                0/1     Completed           0               9m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-replication-check-job-28759130-m4tkm                0/1     Completed           0               4m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-termination-job-28759122-l6c79                      0/1     Completed           0               12m
wa                            wa-task-batch-termination-job-28759126-bsvs4                      0/1     Completed           0               8m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-termination-job-28759130-7zzcq                      0/1     Completed           0               4m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-termination-job-28759134-wt8k2                      1/1     Running             0               4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-update-search-index-job-28759120-dw47w              0/1     Completed           0               14m
wa                            wa-task-batch-update-search-index-job-28759125-fqfw4              0/1     Completed           0               9m4s
wa                            wa-task-batch-update-search-index-job-28759130-vdn92              0/1     Completed           0               4m4s
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-dqbcj                       1/1     Running             0               4h55m
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-gsr5n                       1/1     Running             0               4h55m
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-gzrq8                       1/1     Running             0               4h54m
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-xjlvp                       1/1     Running             0               4h55m
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-xv746                       1/1     Running             0               4h55m
wa                            wa-task-management-api-java-f4f6d6f85-z6vck                       1/1     Running             0               4h55m
wa                            wa-task-monitor-java-59d5bd98b4-2m7wb                             1/1     Running             0               3h58m
wa                            wa-task-monitor-java-59d5bd98b4-tzpnp                             1/1     Running             0               3h57m
wa                            wa-workflow-api-java-5cb4667f77-b7pr2                             1/1     Running             0               32m
wa                            wa-workflow-api-java-5cb4667f77-wqk2b                             1/1     Running             0               33m
xui                           xui-activity-tracker-api-nodejs-bcb5c699-llqxj                    1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-activity-tracker-api-nodejs-bcb5c699-ltz8b                    1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-ao-webapp-nodejs-55898987cc-2nlrq                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-ao-webapp-nodejs-55898987cc-vrpnb                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-mo-webapp-nodejs-5f9b98fc95-2p8lk                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-mo-webapp-nodejs-5f9b98fc95-v648b                             1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-ac-integration-nodejs-5497d9fff7-6m8lz                 1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-ac-integration-nodejs-5497d9fff7-fpn2t                 1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-caa-assigned-case-view-nodejs-b7ddd9696-kpg9m          1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-caa-assigned-case-view-nodejs-b7ddd9696-ttg65          1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-hearings-integration-nodejs-54f6b7f8c9-jn9vv           1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-hearings-integration-nodejs-54f6b7f8c9-mzbz5           1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-integration-nodejs-ccc5fd888-jlfxf                     1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-integration-nodejs-ccc5fd888-s9vdx                     1/1     Running             6 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-integration1-nodejs-6c566dd66b-kphc7                   1/1     Running             0               3h9m
xui                           xui-webapp-integration1-nodejs-6c566dd66b-q42kn                   1/1     Running             0               3h9m
xui                           xui-webapp-integration2-nodejs-8688c488d5-kdhc6                   1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-integration2-nodejs-8688c488d5-wlx5n                   1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-nodejs-777b587659-ql2mn                                1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-nodejs-777b587659-twdf9                                1/1     Running             5 (9h ago)      9h
xui                           xui-webapp-wa-integration-nodejs-c75576d7f-4kvnl                  1/1     Running             0               131m
xui                           xui-webapp-wa-integration-nodejs-c75576d7f-fjlb2                  1/1     Running             0               132m
